# credit score range proof
To determine the credit score of an asset like gold, silver, bitcoin, etc is in a particular range zero-knowledge proofs can be used to provide better privacy. Without disclosing the credit score and the source of the data the information can be verified.

## Motivation

These creditScore range proofs can be used in some financial applications which require privacy like: Prediction markets, Binary options trading, auctions, etc. These applications can leverage the creditScore range proof to verify that the credit score of an asset is between a certain range of values defined by `min` and `max`.

## Proof definition

We will generate zk-SNARK proof to verify these constraints. The advantage with this approach is that the proof ensures privacy and the size of the proof is small as compared to some other zk proofs. The private input in our case is the credit score of the asset. This credit score is ideally provided by some trusted sources. The `min` and `max` credit score will be the public inputs to the snark. The constraints are:

1. `creditScore` > `min`
2. `creditScore` < `max`

These constraints are enough to prove that the credit score of an asset is in the provided range.

## Prover

The proof is generated by the prover after a trusted setup, so that fake proofs can't be generated. This proof can be used to verify arbitrary values of `creditScore`, `min`, `max`. Before generating the proof prover needs to generate the witness from the inputs. New witness and proof have to be generated each time for new input values.

## Verifier

The verifier in our case will be a smart contract which is deployed on Ethereum. This verifier will only be generated once. This verifier can be used to verify any proof given the public inputs (`min` and `max`).

## Code

To generate the proofs we use Zokrates DSL for specifying constraints.

```jsx
def main(private field creditScore, field min, field max) -> bool:
  assert(creditScore>min)
  assert(creditScore<max)
  return true
```

## Compile code
##### Prerequisite:https://zokrates.github.io/gettingstarted.html
1. `cd credit-score-range-proof`
2. `zokrates compile -i CreditScore.zok`
3. `zokrates setup`
4. `zokrates compute-witness -a 750 700 800`
5. `zokrates generate-proof`
6. `zokrates export-verifier`
